docs: add SSH over TCP/443 L4 edge guide (#2196)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/capabilities/non-http/tcp.mdx

:::

## Two ports, one transport

A TCP route involves two ports that are easy to confuse:

> 1. The **transport port** the client uses to reach Pomerium. If no explicit port is set in `--pomerium-url`, `pomerium-cli` opens its HTTPS connection on TCP/443. You do not configure that on the route; it's whichever port Pomerium's [`address`](/docs/reference/address), or the edge in front of it, is exposed on.

Reviewer: The wording here is complicated. Would this be a little clearer?

```suggestion
1. The **transport port** the client uses to reach Pomerium. This should match the port in Pomerium's [`address`](/docs/reference/address) setting (unless you are using another reverse proxy in front of Pomerium that is listening on a different port). If this is different from the default https port 443, you'll need to pass the `--pomerium-url` option and include the port number in the URL.
```
